Move emphasis from "Any" to "object" (#32018)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/boolean/index.md

### Boolean primitives and Boolean objects

> Do not use the `Boolean()` constructor with `new` to convert a non-boolean value to a boolean value — use `Boolean` as a function or a [double NOT](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_NOT#double_not_!!) instead:

Reviewer: How about we first state how it should be done and then what should be avoided?
```suggestion
For converting non-boolean values to boolean, use `Boolean` as a function or use the [double NOT](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Logical_NOT#double_not_!!) operator. Do not use the `Boolean()` constructor with `new`.
```

> ```js

Reviewer: can we rewrite this example using good and bad info strings:

````
```js example-good
const good = Boolean(expression); // use this
const good2 = !!expression; // or use this
```
```js example-bad
const bad = new Boolean(expression); // don't use this
```
````

Do not confuse the {{Glossary("Primitive", "primitive")}} `Boolean` values `true` and `false` with the `true` and `false` values of the `Boolean` object.

> Any **object**, including a `Boolean` object whose value is `false`, evaluates to `true` when passed to a conditional statement. For example, the condition in the following {{jsxref("Statements/if...else", "if")}} statement evaluates to `true`:

Reviewer: The original emphasis is correct because it conveys that this applies to all objects. Emphasizing "object" shifts this focus.
The sentence itself is pretty straightforward and adding the emphasis is actually distracting. Perhaps it will be better to remove the emphasis completely.
```suggestion
Any object, including a `Boolean` object whose value is `false`, evaluates to `true` when passed to a conditional statement. For example, the condition in the following {{jsxref("Statements/if...else", "if")}} statement evaluates to `true`:
```

Author: Hm, I didn't realize when I created this PR, but I don't think I understand what the sentence in question is intending to say. 

1. I assumed it meant, "Any object, as opposed to a primitive boolean" or "Any objects, as opposed to any primitive." Am I wrong?
1. What objects besides `Boolean` can have a value of `false`; the sentence says, "Any object ... whose value is `false`". 

---

Here's the original version for convenience:

> ### Boolean primitives and Boolean objects
> 
> Do not confuse the {{Glossary("Primitive", "primitive")}} `Boolean` values `true` and `false` with the `true` and `false` values of the `Boolean` object.
> 
> **Any** object, including a `Boolean` object whose value is `false`, evaluates to `true` when passed to a conditional statement. For example, the condition in the following {{jsxref("Statements/if...else", "if")}} statement evaluates to `true`:
> 
> ```js
> const x = new Boolean(false);
> if (x) {
>   // this code is executed
> }
> ```
>

const bad = new Boolean(expression); // don't use this!
```

> This is because _all_ objects, including a `Boolean` object whose wrapped value is `false`, are {{glossary("truthy")}} and evaluate to `true` in places such as conditional statements. (See also the [boolean coercion](#boolean_coercion) section below.)

Reviewer: - Will all readers understand "wrapped value"?
- Would it help to add another sentence here:
```suggestion
This is because _all_ objects in JavaScript, including a `Boolean` object with a `false` value, are considered {{glossary("truthy")}} and evaluate to `true` in conditional contexts. This means the object's underlying Boolean value (`true` or `false`) does not affect its truthy evaluation in conditions like `if` statements. (See also the [boolean coercion](#boolean_coercion) section below.)
```

Reviewer 2: > Will all readers understand "wrapped value"?

It's still technically much more accurate than "with a `false` value", because an object cannot have a primitive "as its value". It can only "wrap" that value. I don't think "wrapped value" and "underlying value" have any meaningful difference in comprehension.
